feat(example): add glove donning/doffing demo (#77)
wuji-technology/wujihandpy: CHANGELOG.md

- **Tactile sensing glove support** (Linux only): top-level `wujihandpy.TactileGlove` plus typed companions `TactileFrame`, `TactileError`, `TactileHandedness`, and POD types for device info, diagnostics, firmware build, and time sync. Pressure frames are `numpy.float32` 24×32 arrays in `[0, 1]` with `NaN` for invalid cells. Hand and TactileGlove can coexist in one process—see `example/joint_with_tactile.py`.
- Example: `6.disconnect.py` demonstrating USB disconnect handling.

> - Example: `joint/glove_donning.py` — smoothly drive hand to a measured glove donning/doffing pose (thumb adducted across the palm, fingers nearly extended) at 100 Hz with low-pass filtering. Auto-selects the left- or right-hand pose via `read_handedness()`.

Reviewer: 按 Keep a Changelog 规范，`### Added` 条目应以过去时动词起头（Added/Introduced/Implemented），便于与上方 `**Tactile sensing glove support**` 等条目对齐。建议改为 `Added example`，技术细节（100 Hz、低通滤波、`read_handedness()`、姿态描述）全部保留——SDK 面向开发者，这些是用户感知层信息。

```suggestion
- Added example `joint/glove_donning.py` that smoothly drives the hand to a measured glove donning/doffing pose (thumb adducted across the palm, fingers nearly extended) at 100 Hz with low-pass filtering. Auto-selects the left- or right-hand pose via `read_handedness()`.
```
